+++
title = "Mandriva 2008.1 Powerpack"
slug = "2008062411321683"
date = "2008-06-24T11:32:00-06:00"
[taxonomies]
tema = ["anuncios"]
autor = ["Juan Caballero"]
+++

Me llego el siguiente correo para probar gratis por 3 meses la
suscripcion para el Powerpack. Por si no saben Mandriva ofrece 4
versiones de su distro:

-   One. El LiveCD gratuito con instalador incluido.
-   Free. La distro completa con paquetes libres solamente.
-   PowerPack. La distro comercial (y por lo tanto de paga) que incluye
    lo de las otras pero mas algunos paquetes comerciales como Cedega, e
    incluye soporte.
-   Flash. La version portatil para usar en una memoria Flash USB.

Si alguien gusta usarla para probarla.

<!-- more -->
Mandriva is offering you three months of Powerpack subscription for
free. From Monday, June 23rd to Monday, June 30th you can benefit from a
special 25% discount - like receiving the first three months free - off
the annual Powerpack subscription price. This special offer is also
valid for subscription renewals.

The Powerpack subscription gives you unlimited access to download the
Powerpack commercial edition of the most recent Mandriva Linux releases
for one year. The Powerpack edition of Mandriva Linux comes with
exclusive commercial software, such as the Cedega Windows gaming
compatibility system and Fluendo media codecs. Your Powerpack
subscription also comes with bonus access to several courses on the
Mandriva e-Training system. Finally you will be able to increase benefit
of Linux desktop experience using Mandriva dedicated web support.

If you are already a Powerpack subscriber this is an opportunity for you
to renew your membership while receiving three months free. You don’t
lose any time by renewing before your subscription expires - the
additional twelve months will be added from the current ending date of
your subscription.

Click here to get 3 months for free!
<a href="http://store.mandriva.com/product_info.php?products_id=73">http://store.mandriva.com/product_info.php?products_id=73</a>

To benefit from the special discount please enter the following
promotion code while subscribing: "PCS-CL0508".

The Mandriva Online Team
